a card is a great way to emphasise a piece of information and provide also relevant visual experience with images as well as references to more detailed sources (internal or external), while a card gallery is a great way to list elements of the same type (such as projects or categories). this component is designed to allow including cards and card galeries into your documents. a card is made of an image header, a title, some content and a footer with links to more detailed sources. as many other docaroo components, card supports embedding external content through other docaroo components. this a very powerful way of creating cards but shoud be used with care since cards should have a very short and relevant content. the next examples shows how to create cards with other docaroo components. cards can be included as single items or in galleries of cards. as much as possible avoid using single simple cards. use them only when you want to break the monotony of a text or to emphahis something really important. try to use cards with aside content or galleries of cards the size of the cards is based on the best practice in creating components able to ensure both readability and good visual effects. however, the card settings can be modified as per your preferences by changing the default values in file. these are global settings. changing them will affect all cards used in your documents the default size of the card is optimised for best readability and for using aside content with cards. if the of the card is decreased, there is no impact on the alignment of the card and of its aside content, but the card may become to narrow, thus affecting its own visual aspect and readability. increasing the card width may lead to overlapping between the card and its aside content, thus making the document unreadable. for large card widths it may become impossible to use aside content anymore. remember, changing the card settings affects all the cards from the documentation. when doing such changes always test the appearance of all cards before publishing the documentation . we recommend to use as the unit for card settings the card width can be increased up to while keeping the same aspect ratio between the card and its aside content. or it can be set to to fill in the whole available space. note that a card without aside content and having the width set to 100% will fill the whole viewport (page) width. adding simple cards is easy, only add the code shown below. however, as visual effect on a page, a simple card in a document section may not look quite well and can unbalance the aspect of the document. for this reason we added the option to put some aside content near to the card. this aside content can be simple text or build from other docaroo components as the next example illustrates. if parameter is not set, the card is rendered as single element in the midle of its section, all further content will be rendered under the card and the space around the card will remain empty. note that the aside content will be shown under the card on narrow screens (mobile devices) and, normally, stays hidden until made visible using the small icon button on the right of the card title. tip avoid large texts in cards content. best experience is achieved when the card content has less than 6 rows, ideally 3-4 rows. when you need more content related to a card, better use cards with aside content as will be shown below. here is an exmple of a card with aside content. first, define the buttons to be rendered in the card footer. second, create the card content and the card aside content as external files. note that you can use any other docaroo components to create these pieces of content. the code to include the card into a document is: tip best experience is achieved when using images with transparent background in cards docaroo card this is a card with aside content made of three docaroo components: , and . galleries content innohub support center innohub support center is the single point of contact for notifying us about the issues that you experience when using our services. image 1 image 2 image 3 modal title info close internal link external link other external tip as much as possible avoid using cards without link buton(s) in the footer. apart from the purpose of focusing on short conclusions, the links to more detailed information which can be provided in the card footer are also important for the overall user experience : path to the image to be the rendered in the card header : the card title : path to the file for the content of the card : path to the file for the aside content. will be ignored when for card galleries : the link buttons to be rendered in the footer of the card card gallery is a great way to list elements of the same type (such as projects or categories). the cards in card galleries doesn’t accept , thus we recommend to use link buttons to more detailed information or links inside the card text. card galleries are always rendered on a single row with horizontal scroll on narrow screens (mobile devices). on desktop (large screens) card galleries are rendered based on parameter, on one row with horizaontal scroll or in rows of three cards. building the card galleries is a bit more complex because it is necessary to define each card. it works as shown next. the following example build a card gallery made of 4 cards, having different link buttons configuration. first, define the link buttons for each card: second, define the cards: note the syntax for defining the cards, especially at the end of the rows and the separator. the syntax must be respected in very detail for obtaining a gallery rendered correctly. finally render the gallery: card gallery c1 this is a card in a card gallery with two links to external references. galleries content card gallery c2 this is a card with in a card gallery, . links can be added inside the card as demonstrated here. card gallery c3 this is a card in a card gallery with one link to external references. intro card gallery c4 this is a card in a card gallery with three classic link buttons to external references. pmc intro tables : the list of cards from the gallery : sets the display mode on desktop, rows of 3 cards or a single row with horizontal scroll. note that, on mobile, the card galleries are always shown on a single row with horizontal scroll. the easiest way to create a card gallery is to create it from a folder. the source folder must contain the card definitions, one file per card. the following example is based on the following folder: a card definition file looks like is shown below: card gallery c1 this is a card in a card gallery with two links to external references. galleries content card gallery c2 this is a card with in a card gallery, . links can be added inside the card as demonstrated here. card gallery c3 this is a card in a card gallery with one link to external references. intro card gallery c4 this is a card in a card gallery with three classic link buttons to external references. pmc intro tables : the folder where the cards definition files are located : sets the display mode on desktop, rows of 3 cards or a single row with horizontal scroll. note that, on mobile, the card galleries are always shown on a single row with horizontal scroll.