docaroo provides out-of-the-box a series of integrations. the purpose of the integrations is to make available in a no-code or low-code mode some important features such as monitoring the performance of the site, collecting feedback, assessing the way in which the users are interacting with the site and more. using these integrations offers a full image about the site and provides valuable information about how to improve it. however, it is not mandatory to use the integrations, thus each integration can be independently enabled and configured or disabled. integrations are configured using the environment variables and/or the configuration files. config files config options env variables show 5 10 25 50 google analytics and google tag manager are installed by default if enabled and configured in _data/buildconfig.yml. this will enable the collection of data about the site. when ga and gtm are connected, ga collects the information available when a gtm tag fires, this being a default feature of ga platform. however, the most important feature of the integration is the capability to integrate gtm custom tags. we achieve this with by combining the customisations/configurations made on ga/gtm side (such as defining custom tags) with the extension capabilities of docaroo. this allows hooking into a functions and firing a custom gtm tag with parameters, once the function is executed, thus being able to monitor relevant features of the site. here is an example of firing a custom tag each time when a document custom note is added. the hook below fires the event, which it is assumed to be defined as custom tag in gtm and connected to its related custom event active in ga. using this integration requires a little bit of code and ga/gtm knowledge. first, it is needed to do the needed configurations in gtm and in ga to define the custom tag and event. second, locate the function which you want to fire the event (in the example we use which is located in ) and bring it into global scope. then, define the hook in and, finally, activate it. 🏷️ ga/gtm config ⚒️ modify hook function 👍 use post hook ⚙️ configure ga and gtm create the custom tag in your gtm container and activate it create the custom event in ga, connect it to the custom tag and activate it custom events custom tags modal title info 👀 locate and bring the hook function to global scope go to find make sure that is defined like and not like this will bring it into global scope and make it hookable. 🪝 define hook 🏹 activate hook you may need to consult ga and gtm documentation. folow the instructions from that documentation to configure and activate the custom tag and event. don’t forget to re-build and re-deploy the site after doing such code modifications!!! hubspot tracking code is installed by default if hubspot integration is enabled in . this will enable the features that are related to the tracking code such as monitoring the visits on the site, the cookies banner, call to actions and others. you may need to consult the hubspot documentation to understand more what are the features enabled with the hubspot tracking code. the second out-of-the-box hubspot integration feature offered by docaroo is the feedback form which can be located on the right-bottom corner of each page, in the section. using this feature requires to have an active hubspot account (can be even on free plan) and to do some configurations in hubspot. these configuration are: create a custom property to the object, named , internal name= , type= , having 2 options ( and ); create a custom property to the object, named , internal name= , type= ; create a custom property to the object, named , internal name= , type= having as options the values you want to use as sources for the form submissions (i.e. the site name); use the form designer to create your form as shown in the next gallery; in the form designer click button to get the form information (formid, region, portalid) and configure these in under key; plese consult the hubspot documentation to learn how to add custom props to hubspot objects and hubspot forms designer documentation to learn how to design a hubspot form. sessions feedback form submissions modal title info logs web vitals performance modal title info index crawler crawler test modal title info