maintaining the documentation is about keeping the content up-to-date, removing obsolete content or adding new content. updating content can be related to refreshing the associated taxonomies (site tags, site categories) as well. custom taxonomies cannot be modified when maintaining the site since these are not on the server and are kept by the users on their devices. update content be aware that . we also strongly recommend to . build and test deploy documents must be created/maintained in format, having extension. this a very simple text format and really easy to be learned even from scratch. using a markdown editor is by far more easier than using a complex text editor (such as word). there are some free/open source editors available. of course, for technical persons aiming to extend the site functionality or already using it for development we can recommend . for non technical persons, may be a good alternative. a great value for money is provided by and this is an excellent option to write/maintain the site content (excellent mobile versions are available too). vs code zettlr iawriter tip note that the easiest option for having multiple authors is to clone the site repository on a shared folder in your network (✳️ this will be the development environment ✳️) ➡️ install the editor of your choice on the devices of the authors ➡️ add shared to the editors ➡️ build and test in development environment ➡️ deploy to production environment. adding a document means to create its file (having extension) inside the folder or in any sub-folder it may be needed. be aware that the browser url to the document is not related at all to its position inside folder, it is related to its definition. adding a new document usually requires re-serving the site with or command (when you work with the site served on port 4000 of the development environment). the most important part of any document is its where document data such as the is defined. it is important to have correctly defined front matters which shall start at the first character of the document. for example, leaving an empty row or even a space before the front matter leads to build errors. see also this doc for more details about how to define a correct front matter. note that, for complex documents, the best option is to have a dedicated document folder and to place inside all the components of the documents (media, downloads, reusable pieces of content) in a sub-folder structure of your choice as in the next example: updating a document means to change its content and/or site taxonomies. be aware that, in the case when the site is served in the development environment (with or ) and the site taxonomies are modified, it may be necessary to stop it and run the serve command again to reflect the changes. otherwise, the modifications are automatically processed when saving the document. a document can be removed by simply deleting its file or its folder. however, when removing a document it is highly recommended to check if its related raw content was removed too, otherwise building the site may raise some errors. to do this, check folder, locate (if exists) the related file and remove it. the related file is easy to be found by name, its name is (example: a document having the permalink will have a related raw content file named ). tip as general rule, when is needed to force processing a document, removing its related raw content txt file will trigger this.