we know that, for many users, creating a table in markdown can be quite a challenge. when it comes to merged cells, things may go crazy very quick. also, maintaining a table in markdown will become, sooner or later, a very frustrating activity, even for advanced users with good markdown knowledge. so … why not give the tables experts what is rightfully theirs? why not creating tables in excel and loading them in our docs? this component does this … now, writing tables direct in markdown is just a memory (maybe not quite a pleasant one)! the component offers two types of tables: : without some features : fully featured table when parameter is set to true, the table will be rendered as table. when the table contains merged cells, then it will be rendered as table, regardless of the value of the parameter. for tables, this component provides and , , and . for tables some of these features are not available. in all cases, the imported table of values in cells, so feel free to do whatever alignment you need directly in excel. in all cases, the imported table (the last saved calculated values), so feel free to use whatever formulas you need to create your table in excel, all values will be correctly imported. in all cases, the , so, when do you don’t want to import some rows (maybe due confidentiality reasons), just hide them in excel in all cases, the text in the imported table in all cases, is available but the custom widths of the columns is not saved in all cases, are available it is always assumed that the first row is the table header. columns selection and sorting and table search are not available for table containing merged cells (rowspan and/or colspan) or for tables. it is also always assumed that the excel file(s) containing your tables are located in the same folder as the parent document which must render the tables, or in a sub-folder of the parent document as will be shown. considering the following folder structure: see how tables from excel can be imported in your docs. here is an example of a table without head, having merged cells on rows and columns and having rotated text. it is imported from the same folder as the parent document. it has a fixed height, thus sticky header (set 10 rows per page to see how sticky heder behave). the first column is frozen (increase the width of any column to enable horizontal scroll to see how a frozen column behave). show 5 10 25 50 note that table above contains merged cells, thus some features are not available. parameter can be ignored here but is intentionally provided to show that, even if passed as , the table will stay , without some features. here is an example of a table with head, without merged cells on rows and columns and without rotated text. it is imported from a sub-folder of the parent document folder. show 5 10 25 50 note that the table above does not contains merged cells, thus can be fully featured, depending on parameter. : the xlsx file. other excel formats (older) are not accepted. note that when provided as simple file name, the component search for it in the same folder where the its parent document is located. otherwise it should be provided as relative path from the folder where the its parent document is located. : the portion of the table which is imported. remember that the first row is always assumed as the table header. : the sheet where the table is located inside the workbook : the parent document, including its relative path to the root of the site directory. : specify if the table is rendered as simple table. if the table contains merged cells, this parameter will not have any influence. its default value is , but is ignored in the case of detecting merged cells. : specify if the table head is shown or not. the default value is . remember that . so, if you want to not see the head but to have all needed rows on screen, extend the with one row above and set : specify if the table should have a fixed height. in this case, the table header will become sticky. this parameter is very useful for large tables. : the number of columns from the left side that will be frozen when scrolling the table horizontally ( )